ikp eden – Incubator MakerSpace Cowork
Skip to content
ikp eden
Incubator MakerSpace Cowork
Menu
Home
Facility
Startups
Funding
Accelerators
Calendar
Gallery
About Us
Contact
IKP EDEN
IKP EDEN is a Startup Incubator with an in-house DIY Makerspace.
EDEN stands for Engineering, Design, and Entrepreneurship Network. We want people to learn, we want hobbyists and makers to turn into entrepreneurs, and start a hardware product revolution. India has the talent; all we need is the right support networks, and a super makerspace to help with the prototyping. IKP – EDEN is also as a co-working space where you can meet some of the smartest minds, that will help you realize the potential of your idea.
Opposite Forum Mall in Koramangala, we found a 25,000 sqft building that will be one of the homes to IKP EDEN for the next several years. Four floors of awesomeness awaits the enthusiasm and energy of Bangalore. And yes, we have a fine terrace for hosting events, while taking in the magnificent views of the Koramangala skyline.
We went live in Bangalore on September 15, 2015!!! Visit us when you have the chance. We promise it will change the way you think about design and engineering!!!
THINK BIG. MAKE IT HAPPEN.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Google
One thought on “ IKP EDEN ”
Sangram Karande says:
April 15, 2016 at 7:45 am
I am an inventor who had participated in CHEMTECH WORLD EXPO 2015 and had won 50k for the prototype I made of an air scrubber. I would like to work here in the near future to invent.
Like Like
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email (required) (Address never made public)
Name (required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )
You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )
You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )
You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us @ikpeden
My Tweets
View ikpeden’s profile on Facebook
View ikpeden’s profile on Twitter
View ikp-knowledge-park-0019455b’s profile on LinkedIn
IKP-EDEN™ Hardware newsletter
Signup for the newsletter - here
IKP-EDEN™ Calendar
CII Chennai
August 10, 2017 – August 11, 2017
Class Room First Floor IKP Eden
CII Chennai
September 22, 2017 – September 23, 2017
Class Room First Floor
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.