I-CO Fund Call-2 Launched – UNITED AGAINST COVID-19
Skip to content
I-CO Fund Call-2 Launched
UNITED AGAINST COVID-19
Menu
Home
Locations
Startups
IKP COVID Fund
Accelerators
Calendar
Events
About Us
Contact
I-CO Fund Call II Launched!!!
CHECK OUT THE LIST OF STARTUPS FIGHTING COVID-19
To Apply for Cohort-2 of the Program, CLICK HERE
(deadline May 31, 2020)
IKP COVID Fund (I-CO Fund)
IKP Knowledge Park, along with IKP Trust, has launched the I-CO Fund, to nurture innovations that are ready for production to fight the COVID-19 situation. Through this endeavor, IKP and IKP Trust will be working with entrepreneurs, corporate(s) and government agencies to contribute in the management of the COVID-19 pandemic. We will enable the selected entrepreneurs to fine-tune their solutions for manufacturing, and connect with manufacturing facilities and supply-chain networks to help in the production, deployment and distribution of their innovations.
CALL 2 of the I-CO Fund has added problem statements from our earlier call, to include the scope of maternal and child health. We expect that mothers and infants will face new challenges and difficulties because of the COVID-19 restrictions and regulations, and newer challenges in the post-COVID era. We need your help to address these unprecedented issues.
Apply for Cohort-2 before May 31, 2020: www.ikpeden.com/funding
IKP EDEN is a Startup Incubator with an in-house DIY Makerspace.
EDEN stands for Engineering, Design, and Entrepreneurship Network. We want people to learn, we want hobbyists and makers to turn into entrepreneurs and start a hardware product revolution. India has the talent; all we need is the right support network and a super makerspace to help with the prototyping. IKP – EDEN is also as a co-working space where you can meet some of the smartest minds, that will help you reali ze the potential of your idea.
IKP EDEN is located opposite the Forum Mall in Koramangala, Bangalore, and has hosted over 170 teams (as of May 2020) since the launch in 2015.
With support from the Dept of IT, BT, Govt of Karnataka, IKP has setup K-Tech Innovation hubs along the lines of EDEN is Jalahalli (Peenya), Mysore, Belgaum, Mangalore, Shimoga.
Come join the community of over 220 startups across Karnataka.
THINK BIG. MAKE IT HAPPEN.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email (required) (Address never made public)
Name (required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Google account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Twitter account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
( Log Out /
Change )
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us @ikpeden
My Tweets
View ikpeden’s profile on Facebook
View ikpeden’s profile on Twitter
View ikp-knowledge-park-0019455b’s profile on LinkedIn
IKP-EDEN™ Hardware newsletter
Signup for the newsletter – here
IKP-EDEN™ Calendar
No upcoming events
Blog at WordPress.com.
Post to
Cancel