.
Skip to content
.
Menu
Home
Locations
Startups
Funding
Accelerators
Calendar
About Us
Contact
Welcome to IKP EDEN
☆ IKP COVID-Fund (ICO Fund)
☆ CHECK OUT THE STARTUPS FIGHTING COVID-19
IKP EDEN is a Hardware Product Startup Incubator with an in-house DIY Makerspace.
EDEN stands for Engineering, Design, and Entrepreneurship Network. We want people to learn, we want hobbyists and makers to turn into entrepreneurs and start a hardware product revolution. India has the talent; all we need is the right support network and a super makerspace to help with the prototyping. IKP – EDEN is also as a co-working space where you can meet some of the smartest minds, that will help you reali ze the potential of your idea.
IKP EDEN is located opposite the Forum Mall in Koramangala, Bangalore, and has hosted over 170 teams (as of May 2020) since it’s launch in 2015.
With support from the Dept of IT, BT, Govt of Karnataka, IKP Knowledge Park has setup K-Tech Innovation hubs along the lines of EDEN is Jalahalli (Peenya), Mysore, Belgaum, Mangalore, and Shimoga.
Come join the community of over 280 startups across Karnataka.
THINK BIG. MAKE IT HAPPEN.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email (required) (Address never made public)
Name (required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Google account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Twitter account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
( Log Out /
Change )
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us @ikpeden
My Tweets
IKP EDEN Hardware newsletter
Signup for the newsletter – here
Ph: 91-8790672424
big@ikpeden.com
IKP EDEN Calendar
AskUsAnything About BIG
March 9, 2021 at 10:30 am – 12:30 pm
Blog at WordPress.com.