ikp eden – Incubator MakerSpace Cowork
Skip to content
ikp eden
Incubator MakerSpace Cowork
Menu
Home
Locations
Startups
Funding
Accelerators
Calendar
Events
About Us
Contact
IKP EDEN
IKP EDEN is a Startup Incubator with an in-house DIY Makerspace.
EDEN stands for Engineering, Design, and Entrepreneurship Network. We want people to learn, we want hobbyists and makers to turn into entrepreneurs and start a hardware product revolution. India has the talent; all we need is the right support network and a super makerspace to help with the prototyping. IKP – EDEN is also as a co-working space where you can meet some of the smartest minds, that will help you reali ze the potential of your idea.
IKP EDEN is located opposite the Forum Mall in Koramangala, Bangalore.
With support from the Dept of IT, BT, Govt of Karnataka, IKP has setup K-Tech Innovation hubs along the lines of EDEN is Jalahalli (Peenya), Mysore, Belgaum, Mangalore, and will soon be setting up in Shimoga, Kalburgi and Tumkur.
Come join the community of over 150 startups.
THINK BIG. MAKE IT HAPPEN.
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
One thought on “ IKP EDEN ”
Sangram Karande says:
April 15, 2016 at 7:45 am
I am an inventor who had participated in CHEMTECH WORLD EXPO 2015 and had won 50k for the prototype I made of an air scrubber. I would like to work here in the near future to invent.
Like Like
Reply
Leave a Reply Cancel reply
Enter your comment here...
Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:
Email (required) (Address never made public)
Name (required)
Website
You are commenting using your WordPress.com account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Google account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Twitter account.
( Log Out /
Change )
You are commenting using your Facebook account.
( Log Out /
Change )
Cancel
Connecting to %s
Notify me of new comments via email.
Notify me of new posts via email.
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us on Facebook
Follow us @ikpeden
My Tweets
View ikpeden’s profile on Facebook
View ikpeden’s profile on Twitter
View ikp-knowledge-park-0019455b’s profile on LinkedIn
IKP-EDEN™ Hardware newsletter
Signup for the newsletter – here
IKP-EDEN™ Calendar
Digital Marketing Workshop
August 25, 2019 at 4:30 am – 8:30 am
Lakshmi Workshop
August 26, 2019 at 11:45 am – 12:45 pm
Emflux Motors
August 27, 2019 at 4:30 am – 7:30 am
Blog at WordPress.com.