Our vision is to establish India's tech ecosystem as the world's trusted innovation partner | nasscom
About
About us
People of Nasscom
Membership
Focus Areas
DeepTech
Market & Industry
Diversity and Inclusion
Skills
Perspectives
Policy Advocacy
Events and Awards
Engage with us
Careers
Our presence
Media & Press
Login
Our vision is to establish India's tech ecosystem as the world's trusted innovation partner
strategic imperative
history
nasscom represents the voice of the $254 billion technology industry in India focused on making India the global hub of innovation & IT services with a promise of making technology humancentric by enabling the lives of people.
Boasting a diverse and influential community of over 3000 member companies, our network spans the entire spectrum of the industry from startups to multinationals and from products to services, Global Capability Centers to Engineering firms.
nasscom is a purpose-driven association that has partnered with the industry, government, and academia to establish India as the most trustworthy ecosystem for world-class products & services, digital talent, and impact.
Strategic Imperatives
#ThinkDigitalThinkIndia
Reskill and upskill India's workforce to create a pool of future-ready talent for global needs
Innovation
Maximize industry growth and impact through deep member engagement
Trust
Drive policy advocacy to build a nurturing environment for success
Markets
Develop markets to increase access for players in India and across the globe
Inclusion
Champion equal opportunity and diversity in everything we do
Spirit of nasscom
Nurturing Excellence
Continuously Learning
Maximizing Impact
Driving Collaboration
Championing Inclusion
3 Decades of creating tech impact
1988-2000
$50mn – $8bn industry revenue
Foundation
nasscom was established in 1988 and imbued with the ELICIT values of Excellence, Learning, Impact, Collaboration, Inclusion & Trust.
$8bn – $95bn industry revenue
Expanded the market
From 397 members in 1995-96, our community has grown more than tenfold in 2021-23 to include over 3000 diverse voices.
2000-2010
2010-2020
$95bn – $185bn industry revenue
The Digital Pivot
30 years of innovation and impact have helped nasscom build a foundation for the talent and skills demanded for the future.
$185bn – $250bn (FY2023E) industry revenue
Leading the Techade
Continue to accelerate the nation’s growth ambitions in its journey to Tech India@100
2020- till now
#TechCredibleIndia
Empowering healthcare providers with remote cardiac diagnosis, @tricoghealth leverages advanced AI combined with human expertise to identify critical cardiovascular conditions accurately and in time. As a pioneer in its space, Tricog is reforming cardiac care and saving lives.
@nasscom
Oct 2, 2024
Transformative times ahead. On his first day at office, nasscom President Designate Rajesh Nambiar outlined the next 5-year priorities: advancing digital capabilities, R&D, and innovation, driving industry transformation, and leveraging emerging technologies for impact.
@nasscom
Oct 1, 2024
India's deep tech ecosystem is accelerating, with innovations in AI, IoT, Neurotechnology leading the way. These advancements reflect the country's growing focus on cutting-edge research and intellectual property, positioning India as a global leader in technology innovation. As
@nasscom
Oct 1, 2024
Follow India's journey to technological leadership:
Careers
/
Reach us
/
Privacy & Data Policy
LOGIN
REGISTER
FORGOT PASSWORD
Username
Enter your nasscom username.
Password
Enter the password that accompanies your username.
Remember me
CAPTCHA
Math question
1 + 8 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
First Name
Last name
Email address
The email address is not made public. It will only be used if you need to be contacted about your account or for opted-in notifications.
Company Name
Business focus
Business focus Angels/VC/Incubators Animation Application Maintenance Business and Corporate Research Content Development and Publishing Custom Application Development Customer Interaction Services Document Management E-Business / Web Services / Others Embedded Solutions Finance and Accounting Hardware Deployment and support HR Administration Industrial automation IT Consulting IT Training and Education Legal Services (incl. IP mgmt services) Medical Transcription Network & Desktop Outsourcing Offshore Product Development Others Others (GIS, etc Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology Plant / facility design / maintenance Procurement and Logistics Product Design Engineering Resale of software Software Deployment and support Software product license revenues Software Testing (Independent) Startup System Integration
CAPTCHA
Math question
5 + 0 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
Username or email address
Password reset instructions will be sent to your registered email address.
CAPTCHA
Math question
6 + 2 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.