nasscom | The trade association of Indian IT BPM industry
Skip to main content
login
register
Username
Enter your nasscom username.
Password
Enter the password that accompanies your username.
Remember me
Forgot Password?
First Name
Last name
Email address
The email address is not made public. It will only be used if you need to be contacted about your account or for opted-in notifications.
Company Name
Business focus
- Select a value - Angels/VC/Incubators Animation Application Maintenance Business and Corporate Research Content Development and Publishing Custom Application Development Customer Interaction Services Document Management E-Business / Web Services / Others Embedded Solutions Finance and Accounting Hardware Deployment and support HR Administration Industrial automation IT Consulting IT Training and Education Legal Services (incl. IP mgmt services) Medical Transcription Network & Desktop Outsourcing Offshore Product Development Others Others (GIS, etc Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology Plant / facility design / maintenance Procurement and Logistics Product Design Engineering Resale of software Software Deployment and support Software product license revenues Software Testing (Independent) Startup System Integration
Home
Careers
Contact Us
Search
Search
Type something to get started
Advanced Search
Header menu
About Us
Who We Are
What We Do
Innovation
Centre of Excellence For IOT
Centre of Excellence - Data Science & Artificial Intelligence
INDIAai
Policy Advocacy
Talent Development
FutureSkills
SSC Nasscom
Market
Industry Development
Deep Tech
Global Capability Centres
Engineering R&D
BPM
Start Ups
SME
Thought Leadership
Community
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Research
Affiliated Organizations
Data Security Council of India
Nasscom Foundation
Our People
Former Presidents
Our Council
Executive Council
Past Chairpersons Council
Industry Council
Regional Council
NCR
Eastern Region
Western Region
Southern Region
Careers @ Nasscom
Contact Us
Membership
Members Listing
Become a Member
Membership Benefits
Eligibility Criteria
Membership Fee
Membership Enrollment
Knowledge Centre
Publications
Showcase
Facts And Figures
Community
Interviews
Media Centre
Press Releases
Media Kit
Media Contacts
Events & Awards
Login
Facebook Twitter Slideshere --> Youtube Youtube LinkedIn Instagram
Witness the transformative power of Technology
Leading the digital transformation narrative for the $250 bn technology industry in India
#Think Digital Think India
Our Priorities
The Storyteller for the Tech Industry
Catalyst for Accelerated Growth & Impact
Shaping Future Readiness
Know more
In the Now
About Us
A not-for-profit industry association, is the apex body for the 227 billion dollar Indian technology industry.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, referred to nasscom as a "revolution", beyond its time-tested role as an association.
Nasscom is the premier trade body and chamber of commerce of the Tech industry in India and comprises over 3000 member companies including both Indian and multinational organisations that have a presence in India. Our membership spans across the entire spectrum of the industry from start ups to multinationals and from products to services, Global Service Centers to Engineering firms. Guided by India’s vision to become a leading digital economy globally, Nasscom focuses on accelerating the pace of transformation of the industry to emerge as the preferred enablers for global digital transformation.
Read More
Our Strategic Imperative includes building the tech ecosystem and industry narrative with focus on:
Nurture India’s Innovation Quotient
Build Tech Capability and Ecosystem
Grow New Opportunities for Business
Drive Policy Advocacy
Champion Equal Opportunity and Diversity
Transforming the Tech Industry in India
Leveraging the power of technology in enhancing lives and livelihoods by using it as an enabler of inclusive growth with focus on the responsible build and use of tech as an accelerator and equalizer
Our Strategic Imperatives
Industry Development Initiatives
Nasscom Partnerships with GOI
We Represent
Diversified Membership Across Segments
3200 +
Members
Catalysed Tech Start-Up Entrepreneurship
9000 +
Innovative Startups
Influencer and Trusted
Partner
30 +
Policy representations with outcomes
Know more on Membership
Knowledge Center
Latest @ Nasscom
Publications
Insights
Industry Trends and Analysis that is relevant to development, technological changes as well as gravitational shifts that are changing the face of the industry.
Wed, 2024-02-21 12:12
Nasscom – Arthur D Little India’s Digital Public Infrastructure – Accelerating India’s Digital Inclusion
Know More
Tue, 2024-02-20 11:06
AI POWERED TECH SERVICES: A ROADMAP FOR FUTURE READY FIRMS
Know More
Sat, 2024-02-17 15:42
Technology Sector in India : Strategic Review - 2024
Know More
Wed, 2024-01-31 18:09
Tech Start-ups Quarterly Investment Factbook – Q4 CY2023
Know More
Fri, 2024-01-19 12:15
Future of Work – Unravelling the Intricacies of New-Gen Work
Know More
Thu, 2024-01-04 10:30
Weathering the challenges: The Indian Tech Start-up Landscape Report 2023
Know More
Tue, 2024-01-02 17:05
Software Quality Assurance: Building AI-driven competencies
Know More
Fri, 2023-12-29 18:02
India’s Journey to A Tech Talent Nation- A ‘Skills First’ Approach
Know More
Explore Publications
Policy
Building an enabling policy framework for the growth of the tech industry
Nasscom’s participation in the National Conference on Strategic Trade Controls
Posted On: 01 Feb, 2024 Posted By: GarimaP
On January 30, 2024, Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) and Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) organised the first National Conference on Strategic Trade Controls in Delhi. This was a pan-India outreach event focusing on India’s export…
Click Here
Presentation to Karnataka Governemnt on opportunities to leverage tech-startups
Posted On: 01 Feb, 2024 Posted By: GarimaP
On January 16, 2024, we presented to the officials of Department of Transport of Government of Karnataka, on key policies for start-ups and opportunities to leverage the start-up ecosystem.
We highlighted the following key…
Click Here
Report released by government "Indian Economy - A review" - Summary of Indian growth trajectory and prospects
Posted On: 31 Jan, 2024 Posted By: tejasvi
The government released the ‘Indian Economy – A Review’ (Report), which provides insights into the Indian economy’s trajectory and prospects over the past decade and its future outlook. The Report does not replace the official Economic…
Click Here
View All
Let’s Konnect
Here’s where the best tech experiences take place!
Watch out our latest events and summits that is a testimony of our global presence, industry connects & thought leadership
Regional
Navigating Market Complexity a product Managers Guide
5 th Mar, 2024
11:30 AM to 12:30 PM
Virtual
Know More
International
nasscom - Amplifying Business & Investment opportunities in Australia
12 th Mar - 15 th Mar, 2024
09:00 AM to 06:00 AM
Sydney/ Melbourne
Know More
National
nasscom sme confluence 2024
15 th Mar, 2024
09:00 AM to 06:00 PM
The Westin Chennai Velachery, 154,Velachery Main Road TN Police Housing Colony,Velachery Chennai, India
Know More
View All Events
The Buzz We Make!
Creating stories and conversations that #ShapeTheTechade and demonstrate how India is leading in the digital era with tech as an accelerator
Fri, 2024-02-23 18:31
Digital Public Infrastructure To Push India To $1 Trillion Digital Economy By 2030: Report
Know More
Mon, 2024-02-19 18:23
Experts urge govt to invest in open data, compute for AI leadership
Know More
Wed, 2024-01-10 16:29
Inevitable India: India's Technology capabilities shaping the global Automobile
Know More
Fri, 2024-01-05 18:44
Weathering The Challenges - The Indian Tech Startup Landscape Report 2023
Know More
Fri, 2024-01-05 18:41
nasscom releases early insights on the state of Responsible AI in India: December 2023
Know More
Tue, 2024-01-02 18:53
Debjani Ghosh on Importance of Human Choices in an AI World
Know More
View All
-->
GitHub CEO, Thomas Dohmke | AI Augmenting, not…
Quarterly Immersive Series: Driving Impact…
RE-ENGINEERING TOMORROW FOR AN AUTONOMOUS WORLD…
Running successful function in shared services…
About Us
Who We Are
What We Do
Our Council
Careers @ nasscom
Contact Us
Knowledge Centre
Publications
Showcase
Facts and Figures
Community
Interviews
Media Centre
Press Releases
Media Kit
Media Contacts
Advertise With Us
Events Membership
Become a member
Affiliated Organizations
Nasscom AI Wall
X
Welcome to the NTLF AI Art Wall! Where Your Words Transform into Visual Wonders with AI
Inspire: Imagine a scene, innovation, or emotion that captures the spirit of NTLF.
Create: Share your vision by typing your idea into the prompt box.
Experience: Witness your NTLF-inspired concept become a visual masterpiece through AJ's artistry.
Your data saved successfully.
SUBMIT
Copyright © 2024, nasscom Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Website Design: Interactive Bees | Website Development: Kellton Tech