-->
Home - IIMCIP
Home | Contact Us | Apply For Incubation | IIMCIP Annual Impact Report 2018-19 | Careers --> Follow us on
Menu
About Us
About IIMCIP
Our Team
Governing body
Operations Team
Our Partners
Incubation
Overview
Facility
Seed Funding
Process
Apply
Our incubatees
Our Mentors
Resources
Newsletter
Others
News & Event
Announcements
Events
Seminars
Roundtables
Contest
E-Summit
Capacity Building
Outreach Programmes
News
Initiatives
COMBAT-C
Meity-TIDE2.0
BIRAC-SPARSH for AgriTech
PRIF Social Impact Incubator for Women
Latest News
TSEC 2020 Episode 2 airing on TimesNow on 21.03.2020 at 5:30 pm and on 22.03.2020 at 6:30 pm
IIMCIP launches incubation and fellowship program for women entrepreneurs. Apply now @ http://www.iimcip.org/prif-we/
Champions with Options to Manage and Build an ArmourTogether against Covid (COMBAT-C) is a one-of-a-kind program introduced to help the community fight the global pandemic, Covid-19. People across the world are extremely anxious and are living in fear.
TSEC20 Promo
IIM Calcutta Innovation Park, in partnership with Pernod Ricard India Foundation, has launched the "WE" program - a program to empower and support women entrepreneurs driving social change.
Apply now @ http://iimcip.org/prif-we/
Last Date for Application : March 1st, 2020-->
Read More
-->
View all
News & Announcement
MeitY launches Fintech Innovation Challenge
Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) and MeitY Startup Hub(MSH) is organising a “Fintech Innovation Challenge”.
The Challenge seeks solution for “Implementation of Concession on GST Component of Payment made through Digital Modes”.
-->
IIMCIP launches incubation and fellowship program for women entrepreneurs
As India’s leading crusader promoting social entrepreneurship, IIM Calcutta Innovation Park takes immense pride in collaborating with Pernod Ricard India Foundation for the WE PROGRAM, an initiative to socially and economically empower women and the society at large by providing incubation and funding support to the women entrepreneurs and women-led social enterprises in the country. Last Date for Application : January 20th, 2020
-->
IIMCIP launches immersion program for social innovators in AgriTech sector
For all the aspiring social innovators driven by an intent to revolutionize the agricultural sector! Here’s a chance to turn aspirations into reality with the SPARSH Fellowship Program. Make use of the opportunity to do extensive, on-field research for identifying the gaps and needs in the Agri sector and align your product development with the […]
-->
Meghalaya gears up for Entrepreneurship Challenge
The sensitization programmes for Chief Minister’s E-Champion Challenge that was launched by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on August 14, 2019 is being conducted in all districts of the State.
-->
-->
Incubation
Events
Portfolio
Our Mentors
Capacity Building
Social Entrepreneurship
The IIM Calcutta Innovation Park (IIMCIP)
-->
INVENT
-->
Gallery
Careers
Partners
Join Our Network
Resources
Supported By
© 2017 - 2018 IIM Calcutta Innovation Park. All rights reserved.
About Us
Incubation
Our Mentors
News
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy