-->
About IIMCIP - IIMCIP
Home | Contact Us | Follow us on
Menu
About Us
About IIMCIP
Our Team
Governing body
Operations Team
Our Partners
Incubation
Overview
Facility
Process
Apply
Our incubatees
Our Mentors
Resources
Newsletter
Others
News & Event
Announcements
Events
Seminars
Roundtables
Contest
E-Summit
Capacity Building
Outreach Programmes
News
Initiatives
Capacity Building
Social Entrepreneurship
Invent
North East Accelerator Program
Welcome to the top 3000 club of SmartFifty - Congratulations ! You have successfully completed the first round SmartFifty !
We are happy to start rolling SmartFifty Regional Rounds as promised during the launch of the Contest.
Kolkata - Feb 16-17
Bengaluru - Feb 19-20
Mumbai - Feb 23-24
Delhi - Feb 26-27
Being amongst the top 3000, you are cordially invited to participate in the regional round day-1 event. All travel, boarding, lodging arrangements to attend the regional round and expense thereof will be borne by the participant, including those who are required to attend day-2 Jury.
view more
-->
SmartFifty Regional Round is in progress.
Day - 1 will be a knowledge session by Industry leaders specifically tailored for SmartFifty top 3000 Startups as one of the rewards.
Day - 2 will be Jury round for the top 400 to select top 40 !
Kolkata - February 16-17, IIM Calcutta campus. For Day-1 schedule please click here.
Bangalore - February 19-20, Dayananda Sagar Institutes. For Day-1 schedule please click here.
Mumbai - February 23-24, NMIMS campus
Delhi - February 26-27, Auditorium, Kendriya Vidyalaya No. 2, A. P. S. Colony
For more details pls click view more button
view more
Top 400 List
Home
About Us
About IIMCIP
About IIMCIP
Our Team
Governing body
Operations Team
Our Partners
About IIMCIP
The IIM Calcutta Innovation Park (IIMCIP) is a not for profit (Section 8) company established under the aegis of IIM Calcutta to promote Entrepreneurship and Innovation.
The broad objectives of IIMCIP are:
To promote entrepreneurship and create a nurturing ecology where fledgling enterprises with innovative ideas and solutions can flourish
To promote Innovation in research and business through industry-academia partnership
The IIMCIP aims at creating a complete and comprehensive eco-system to promote and nurture innovative enterprises. There are two broad verticals under IIMCIP – Business Incubation Unit and Innovation Lab.
Business Incubation Unit:
The Business Incubation Unit (BIU) functions as an incubation unit for innovative solutions for social and business challenges. To translate an innovative idea to a sustainable business is a long and arduous process. IIMCIP aims to provide an environment which would have all the ingredients required to make such a journey successful.
The BIU focuses on 7 broad areas in which it has developed specialized expertise, knowledge and thought leadership as well as delivery capability in its stated objective of promoting and supporting entrepreneurship development.
Innovation Lab (IL)
The Innovation Lab offers space and infrastructure to the organizations for setting up their knowledge center and for execution of their innovation programs.
The objectives of the Innovation Lab are:
To promote innovation in research and business through industry academia collaboration
To provide faculty and research scholars an enabling platform to experiment with new ideas and business challenges
To provide support to innovation programs for existing companies through collaborative research and development, solution design and strategy formulation
To set up of knowledge centers for the established organizations to support ongoing innovation
© 2017 - 2018 IIM Calcutta Innovation Park. All rights reserved.
About Us
Incubation
Our Mentors
News
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy