About | Kerala Startup Mission
About
Home Startups Programs Ecosystem Notifications English മലയാളം
Chat with AI Agent
Overview
About KSUM
The Kerala Startup Mission (KSUM) is the nodal agency of the government of Kerala for promoting entrepreneurship in the state. It is also the implementing body for the Kerala Technology Startup Policy that supports the state’s startup ecosystem through the various schemes and support programs. KSUM was founded in 2006, with the goal to promote technology-based entrepreneurship activities and to create the infrastructure and ecosystem required to support high-end technology-based startup businesses.
KSUM acts as a springboard for budding entrepreneurs who wish to launch themselves into the world of technology-based careers and has helped develop several innovative products and solutions. Over the past decade KSUM has been able to build a vibrant startup ecosystem allowing technology entrepreneurs to pursue their goals and dreams by providing them complete support in the startup life cycle. Today KSUM along with sector-specific partner organisations, boast of 6200 + registered startups, 10 Lakh + sq. feet of incubation space, 60+ incubators and 525+ mini incubation centres across the state of Kerala.
2014
2006
Started T-TBI
Started by Technopark as a Business Incubation Center
GoI Recognition
1st Non-academic TBI to be recognized by DST
GoK Recognition
Designated as Nodal Agency for Startups
Chief Ministers Award
1st State to Launch its Startup Policy
Started T-TBI
Started by Technopark as a Business Incubation Center
2006
GoI Recognition
1st Non-academic TBI to be recognized by DST
2007
"> "> GoK Recognition
Designated as Nodal Agency for Startups
2014
"> "> Chief Ministers Award
1st State to Launch its Startup Policy
2015
Connect
Join Us & Grow You Startup
Join a thriving ecosystem of opportunities, partnerships, and support designed to help your startup grow and succeed.
Contact Us
Kerala Startup Mission, G3B,
Thejaswini, Technopark, Trivandrum
08047180470
8:00 AM - 8:00 PM
info@startupmission.in
Grievance Redressal Mechanism
Organisation
Career Career Result Tenders Our Location FAQ?
Media & Updates
Photo Gallery Video Gallery KSUM in Media Latest News Upcoming Events
Policies & Compliance
Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Refund Policy Government Orders Right To Information
"> "> Copyright © 2026 Kerala Startup Mission . All rights reserved