Kerala Startup Mission | Spreading the spirit of Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Skip to main content
LOGIN
REGISTER
HOME
ABOUT
SCHEMES / POLICIES
FABLAB
FACILITIES
GALLERY
TENDERS
CAREERS
CONTACT
IDEA ROOM
LIBRARY
VIDEOS
Get everything you need to start up
Apply now
74 Incubatees
17 Fellows
3 Investor
12 Mentors
71 Applicants
121 Enquiry
2 Accelerater
13 Experts
188 IEDC
13 Community
Events & News
News
Suchitwa Mission, Government of Kerala and Kerala Startup Mission is with an objective of developing an online platform for defining, configuring and assessment of various infrastructure facilities used for the purpose of waste management. is calling for expression of Interest from startups in the state.
Date of submission of EoI: May 11, 2017
Date of submission of Technical Proposal : 06:00pm, May 23, 2017
Technical Evaluation of proposals: May 24, 2017
Shortlisted startups to submit the financial bid on : 06:00pm, May 26, 2017
Evaluation of financial bid: May 27, 2017
In case of any doubts regarding the development of the online platform please contact
Bidhun K- MIS Expert, Kerala State Suchitwa Mission- 9497729421
Email: k.bidhun@gmail.com
Interested startups are requested to submit the EoI as per the format attached. EoI shall be submitted by sending the scan copy (duly signed) of the document attached to varun@startupmission.in before 6:00pm on May 11 2017.
Call for Expression of Interest for developing Web application for Suchitwa Mission
As you are aware Kerala Startup Mission is conducting the Startup Ecosystem report 2017 and we want you to fill up the questionnaire to improve the services of KSUM and get more connections for you in your entrepreneurial journey.
Forward the link to the startups in your circle to extend the services to startups across the state.
Kindly answer all questions, since all fields are mandatory. In case of any queries you could reach us at +91-8547978688 or Email us at sgakhil@fellow.startupmission.in or report@startupmission.in
Our Website: https://startupmission.kerala.gov.in/
For the effective preparation of the report we request you to kindly fill the form attached and support us in this initiative.
Click here to fill the form
​​
The Startup Ecosystem report of 2016 is available at : https://goo.gl/Jhn53T​
*All information provided will be confidential and shared only in the aggregate.
​Those who have already submitted the questionnare may kindly excuse. Last chance to get listed in the STARTUP ECOSYSTEM REPORT 2017 - 10.05.2017
Rank list of TIFP Batch 3
Inviting Expression of Interest from Startups to develop mobile application (smart phone and tablet based) software for Government Departments from the startups in Kerala Inviting Expression of Interest from Startups
Government of Kerala announced State IT Policy 2017 Government of Kerala announced State IT Policy 2017
SEIAA issues Environmental Clearance for Kerala Technology Innovation Zone Click here for more details
Report on the Kerala Startup Ecosystem published Click here to download
Connecting Everyone Here
Incubation
Kerala Startup Mission (KSUM) is designed to provide a springboard to budding entrepreneurs who wish to launch themselves into the world of technology based business careers....
Read More
Investors
Kerala Startup Mission provides startups with all the resources to build up their innovative ideas.The incubatees in Kerala Startup Mission is selected in such a way that a...
Read More
KSUM-EY Accelerator
Kerala startup Mission in association with Ernst and Young have started a Business & Technology Accelerator to provide for fully equipped and functional office space of...
Read More
Mentors
Kerala Startup Mission, in association with Government of Kerala, provides incubates with research assistance, prototype developing assistance etc in their respective fields....
Read More
Fellows
Government of Kerala is building up a startup climate in the state, is offering a one-year fellowship to young graduates interested in working with technology startups and...
Read More
Companies under KSUM
Kerala Startup Mission is a ‘Technology–based Incubator’ that incubates high tech startups with technology products and innovations with in a limited time frame that literally...
Read More
Partners
Kerala Startup mission in association with Government of Kerala is organizing various programmes for developing entrepreneurship skills among students like Startup Boot camp in...
Read More
Associations
The startups under KSUM will be given support through different organizations both in technical and non-technical, which includes Electronics, Quality Assurance, IT support,...
Read More
Technology Innovation Zone
With the world changing at a radical space, the 21st century will need more entrepreneurs than ever before in all domains. While the need to create more jobs is becoming...
Read More
Startup Community
The start up community development programme is an initiative by Kerala Start up Mission with an aim to carter inclusive development in the start up eco system within the state...
Read More
Experts
Kerala Startup Mission is maintaining a technical expert panel to evaluate innovative ideas of students, startups, innovators. The panel consist of experts from various domains...
Read More
Blog
Shri Rahul Gandhi visits Kerala Technology Innovat
Shri Rahul Gandhi, Vice-President of the Indian National Congress party and the Chairperson of the Indian Youth Congress and the National Students U
Read more
Posted on: 10 February 2016
Session:Introduction to UDOO boards on December 31
Read more
Posted on: 24 December 2015
Product Cradle: 2nd Edition of For Entrepreneurs b
Register @ www.meetup.com/Product-Cradle Registration is free but seats are limited
Read more
Posted on: 02 May 2016
Product Cradle @ Technopark
Read more
Posted on: 18 February 2016
KSUM- IIM, Kozhikode Management Development Progra
Application are invited for the KSUM- IIM, Kozhikode Management Development Program (MDP) 2016 for Startups. Click here For registration and mo
Read more
Posted on: 20 May 2016
IEDC Summit 2016 on August 23, 2016
The Innovation Entrepreneurship development centres are small incubators physically available at Engineering, Polytechnic, Management and Arts & S
Read more
Posted on: 27 July 2016
Hackathon @ CyberPark , Kozhikode on July 15th &16
Cyber park @ Kozhikode is organizing a Hackathon on 15th and 16th July 2016 inviting techies from across the IT destinations in India. A rigorous sele
Read more
Posted on: 21 June 2016
DR APJ Abdul Kalam Youth Challenge Programme
Visit http://ycpkerala.org/ for more details
Read more
Posted on: 18 February 2016
Cyber Security Innovation and Research Contest on
For more details and registration visit : http://bit.ly/CSIR_LLFwebsite
Read more
Posted on: 25 June 2016
Accelerate your startup
Register for the session here
Read more
Posted on: 07 June 2016
Next
Previous
SOCIAL MEDIA
Load More
Testimonials
IIMK Programme - MDP was a great chance to pick the brains of the brilliant faculty in IIM.Also the 5 says was a great opportunity to meet & mingle with a bunch of friendly/talented/smart/daring like minded souls.I am indebted to Kerala startup Mission for the opportunity
-->
Says Jikku Jose
CEO, Qucentis
Testimonials
IIMK Programme - Amazing experience of learning bussiness, after trying it out already.It has completely changed the thought patters on how I looked at my enterprise. Eventually it reboots the growth strategy
-->
Says Amarnath Sankar
CEO, CAT Entertainment
Want news and insights?
E-mail *
Subscribe
subscribe
-->
0471-2700270
0471-2700224
info@startupmission.in
Copyright © 2016 Kerala Startup Mission. All Rights Reserved.
UI created at
|
Developed by Lightrains Technolabs Pvt. Ltd.