Kerala Startup Mission | Spreading the spirit of Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Skip to main content
LOGIN
REGISTER
HOME
ABOUT
SCHEMES / POLICIES
FABLAB
FACILITIES
GALLERY
TENDERS
CAREERS
CONTACT
IDEA ROOM
LIBRARY
VIDEOS
Get everything you need to start up
Apply now
75 Incubatees
21 Fellows
3 Investor
12 Mentors
70 Applicants
98 Enquiry
3 Accelerater
13 Experts
188 IEDC
14 Community
Events & News
News
The UK’s largest campus dedicated to supporting digital technology businesses has extended their support to help the startups to find opportunities and to set up a local presence in the UK. Innovation Birmingham
Inviting all for the Speaker Series by Villgro in association with Kerala Startup Mission. Unconvention|Speaker Series Kochi on 20th July
IoT India Congress 2017: the Platform of Platforms to empower Business Outcomes using the Internet of Things.
Last date for entries is 30th July
No entry fee. IoT Congress 2017 Awards for Startups
As one of its flagship bilateral programs, IUSSTF administers the United States-India Science & Technology Endowment Fund (USISTEF), through which Grant-in-Aid support is provided to start-up initiatives to the extent of INR 2.5 Crore / USD 400,000.
The 8th Call for Proposals under this program has recently been announced and online submission is currently open with a deadline of 31 July 2017. While the detailed information about the program can be accessed through our website www.usistef.org; the following links can be used to access the e-brochure and portal for online submission.
E-brochure: http://www.usistef.org/pdf/Endowment-Flyer-8thCall.pdf
Online submission: http://iusstf-ef.ciieindia.org/login Bi-national United States- India Science and Technology Endowment Fund (USISTEF) announces 8th funding call to support Start-up's
Meetup Cafe July 2017
Date: Friday 21 July 2017
Time: 5.00 PM
Venue: Maker Village, KTIZ, Kalamassery
Guest Speakers
5.00 PM : Kochouseph Chittilappally - Chairman, V-Guard Industries.
5.30 PM : S.R. Nair - Mentor Director, Mentorguru Professional Services.
Talks
6.00 : Mr. Phanisekhar, Solutions Head, Tata Docomo Business Services, South Region
6.15 : Mr. Rama Rao, General Manager(Startups), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd. Meetup Cafe July 2017 | 5.00 PM Friday 21 July at Maker Village, KTIZ, Kochi
Community Solar Innovation Awards 2017: Call for Applications open until 16 August 2017 (USD 10,000 Winner Prize) Community Solar Innovation Awards 2017
Unconvention|Speaker Series- July in a city near you!
Session handled by: Dr. KR Suresh K. Nair (Founder and Managing Director of M/s. Biophoton Technologies Pvt Ltd)
Date: July 20th 2017 (Thursday)
Time : 2:30 – 5:00 pm
Venue : Hotel "The Dunes", Doraiswami road, Off M.G.Road, Kochi Session on How to build a Human centered design for social innovation
ICICI Lombard is looking forward to work with startups in areas of insurance, healthcare, Agriculture, Industrial IOT and such. Interested startups may apply for the program. ICICI Lombard - Nova- Innovation and accelerator program
Tender closing date: 05.07.2017 (12.00 pm)
Tender opening date: 05.07.2017 (03.00pm) Inviting tender for Public addressing system
Tender closing date: 05.07.2017 (12.00 pm)
Tender opening date: 05.07.2017 (03.00pm) Inviting tender for wi-fi access point & router
Tender closing date: 05.07.2017 (12.00 pm)
Tender opening date: 05.07.2017 (03.00pm) Inviting tender for purchasing TV
DISRUPT KERALA 2017 will mark NASSCOM - FAYA:80’s 50th edition with a melange of technical sessions, workshops and panel discussions. The sessions and workshops will revolve around the driving technologies of the future – Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Blockchain, Mixed Reality & IoT. They will be led by a line of experts who now lead Global Technology Disruption. We hope to help Break the Echo Chamber and set a definitive direction for the future of IT in India.
The inaugural session will be held at the Travancore Hall at 9.30 am, and will be followed by a panel discussion. There will be parallel workshops at the Malabar Hall, Startup Mission Hall and Floor of Madness (FAYA). You can visit the event website https://www.fayaport80.com/ for more details.
The event registration fee is Rs.1000, with an Early Bird offer of Rs.500 up to 28th June. Even as we advocate Free Knowledge Sharing, the nominal registration fee is levied to discourage casual registrants, so that the real tech-enthusiasts do not miss out on the opportunity.The event will be held on 5th July 2017 at Technopark, Trivandrum.
50th Edition NASSCOM - FAYA :80 | ‘Disrupt Kerala 2017’ |
Register for the session at this link: http://bit.ly/2tKYohA - Its 50 seats so first come, first serve. You’ll need this registration Code: R53 . In the “Which Accelerator are you a part of” question at registration, please mention: Kerala Startup Mission. This helps us serve the assistance requests easily.
Date/Time: June 29, 11AM-12.30PM CXO Webinar: Serverless on Amazon Web Services with CTO, Delhivery and CTO Sourcefuse
Kerala Startup Mission with TIE Kerala and Villigro together is conducting a session on 'How to Build an Organisation and Role of Founders' on 29th June (Thursday) at 02:30 pm at Hotel Dunes, Kochi.
The session will be handled by famous entrepreneur-industrialist, Mr.Shivdas B Menon, Managing Director of M/s Sterling Farm Research & Services, who has over 45 years of experience, predominently in agriculture, productiona & quality controls.
KSUM invites you and your startups for the programme. Interested candidates may contact Mr.Binu Mathew at binu@villgro.org/ ​
9846931766 .
One of the Interesting Summits with a wide list of speakers is happening on 2nd of July 2017, 9.00 am to 5.00 pm at Girideepam Convention Center, Mar Ivanios Vidyanagar, Trivandrum. .
Quotations are invited from reputed vendors for stage arrangements and for the supply of welcome kit.
Date of Event: June 17 & 18, 2017
Venue: Rajagiri School of Engineering & Technology
Welcome kit shall comprise of a Bag, Diary, Tag, Pen and Event Booklet.
Sealed quotations may be submitted on or before June 15, 5:00pm.
The hardcopy of the quotations may be submitted by hand to our office in Technopark
.
Job openings for the post of Jr Engineer Civil and Malayalam Typist
AutoNebula is steering to Gods Own Country KERALA for the next connected transport meetup "IGNITING AUTOMOTIVE STARTUPS" meetup in Cochin on Saturday, 8th July 2017.
You can share your connected transport ideas, concepts or business models on
psegal@autonebula.com and a short pre-screen interview will follow.
Shortlisted entrepreneurs will be invited to attend the meetup. The objective of the meetup is to provide a platform for prospective startups. .
The format II of companies were forwarded to DST for getting service tax exemption for the period 1st April'17 - 30th June'17.
The details (format II) has to be furnished to the Trivandrum (Central Excise) Office also, before 20th June for availing the above exemption.
The format II is attached & is requested to submit it in the company letter head with the authorised persons signature and seal.
Ms. Sajna shall be co-ordinating with you in this regard and requesting you to kindly co-operate & send the same by 15th June. .
We are happy to host the first edition of Meetup Cafe at KSU​M​-Kochi office at Kerala Technology Innovation Zone on the 16th June'17.Requesting your active participation along with your team to kick-start this monthly community gathering.
​
​The event is from 5PM
Venue : Kerala Technology Innovation Zone, Kalamassery
Date : 16th June'17 Community Meetup
At Unilever, We see a big opportunity to support, inspire, reward and collaborate with a new generation of the world’s most brilliant young change-makers – innovators who are the future of sustainable growth.
Unilever Young Entrepreneurs Awards are all about supporting and celebrating inspirational young people from all over the world with existing initiatives, products or services that are tackling some of the planet’s biggest sustainability challenges.
Prizes : There’s over 100,000€ up for grabs, along with tailored one-to-one mentoring sessions for 12 months provided by experts from Unilever and the Cambridge Institute for Sustainability Leadership.
Key dates for your diary: The competition deadline is Friday 30 June, 23:59 BST. Better yet, if you enter by 09 June you’ll have the chance to win a special two-hour tailored mentoring session. So get started soon! Calling all Young Entrepreneurs - Unilever Young Entrepreneurs Awards 2017
PCL’s Start-Up Scheme "Project Ankur" aims to develop a supportive ecosystem that nurtures entrepreneurship in the country by backing innovative ideas and concepts that have the potential to grow into Start-ups. This is an opportunity for all Indian innovators and entrepreneurs to turn their dreams and ideas into reality. BPCL's Startup Scheme
Inviting Expression of Interest from Startups to develop mobile application (smart phone and tablet based) software for Government Departments from the startups in Kerala Inviting Expression of Interest from Startups
Government of Kerala announced State IT Policy 2017 Government of Kerala announced State IT Policy 2017
SEIAA issues Environmental Clearance for Kerala Technology Innovation Zone Click here for more details
Report on the Kerala Startup Ecosystem published Click here to download
Connecting Everyone Here
Incubation
Kerala Startup Mission (KSUM) is designed to provide a springboard to budding entrepreneurs who wish to launch themselves into the world of technology based business careers....
Read More
Investors
Kerala Startup Mission provides startups with all the resources to build up their innovative ideas.The incubatees in Kerala Startup Mission is selected in such a way that a...
Read More
KSUM-EY Accelerator
Kerala startup Mission in association with Ernst and Young have started a Business & Technology Accelerator to provide for fully equipped and functional office space of...
Read More
Mentors
Kerala Startup Mission, in association with Government of Kerala, provides incubates with research assistance, prototype developing assistance etc in their respective fields....
Read More
Fellows
Government of Kerala is building up a startup climate in the state, is offering a one-year fellowship to young graduates interested in working with technology startups and...
Read More
Companies under KSUM
Kerala Startup Mission is a ‘Technology–based Incubator’ that incubates high tech startups with technology products and innovations with in a limited time frame that literally...
Read More
Partners
Kerala Startup mission in association with Government of Kerala is organizing various programmes for developing entrepreneurship skills among students like Startup Boot camp in...
Read More
Associations
The startups under KSUM will be given support through different organizations both in technical and non-technical, which includes Electronics, Quality Assurance, IT support,...
Read More
Technology Innovation Zone
With the world changing at a radical space, the 21st century will need more entrepreneurs than ever before in all domains. While the need to create more jobs is becoming...
Read More
Experts
Kerala Startup Mission is maintaining a technical expert panel to evaluate innovative ideas of students, startups, innovators. The panel consist of experts from various domains...
Read More
Startup Community
The start up community development programme is an initiative by Kerala Start up Mission with an aim to carter inclusive development in the start up eco system within the state...
Read More
Blog
Yes, Government of Kerala is listening to your Ide
With the idea of supporting brilliant ideas from students and public, Kerala Startup Mission is conducting Idea Day , first Saturday of every month
Read more
Posted on: 28 May 2017
The Dark Secret at the Heart of AI
No one really knows how the most advanced algorithms do what they do. That could be a problem. Last year, a strange self-driving car was released onto
Read more
Posted on: 30 June 2017
Startup 360 : Monthly workshop series by Duleep Sa
KSUM and CAFIT jointly organizes monthly workshop series on 360 degree of a SME company with Duleep Sahadevan on first week of the every month. The
Read more
Posted on: 30 June 2017
Kerala Startup Mission joins hands with UN
Read more
Posted on: 17 July 2017
IEDC Summit 2016 on August 23, 2016
The Innovation Entrepreneurship development centres are small incubators physically available at Engineering, Polytechnic, Management and Arts & S
Read more
Posted on: 27 July 2016
ICICI Lombard – Nova- Innovation and accelerator
Read more
Posted on: 03 July 2017
Greenroom – Kerala’s Biggest Startup SME Concl
For more details and registration visit: http://bhubs.bloombloom.co/index.php/event/bhub-launch-sme-startup-conclave/
Read more
Posted on: 26 June 2017
Disrupt Kerala 2017
Read more
Posted on: 30 June 2017
Cyber Security Innovation and Research Contest on
For more details and registration visit : http://bit.ly/CSIR_LLFwebsite
Read more
Posted on: 25 June 2016
Attention Schools: Apply for Atal Tinkering Labs
With a vision to ‘Cultivate one Million children in India as Neoteric Innovators’, Atal Innovation Mission is establishing Atal Tinkering Laborato
Read more
Posted on: 04 July 2017
Next
Previous
SOCIAL MEDIA
Load More
Testimonials
IIMK Programme - MDP was a great chance to pick the brains of the brilliant faculty in IIM.Also the 5 says was a great opportunity to meet & mingle with a bunch of friendly/talented/smart/daring like minded souls.I am indebted to Kerala startup Mission for the opportunity
-->
Says Jikku Jose
CEO, Qucentis
Testimonials
IIMK Programme - Amazing experience of learning bussiness, after trying it out already.It has completely changed the thought patters on how I looked at my enterprise. Eventually it reboots the growth strategy
-->
Says Amarnath Sankar
CEO, CAT Entertainment
Want news and insights?
E-mail *
Subscribe
subscribe
-->
0471-2700270
0471-2700224
info@startupmission.in
Copyright © 2016 Kerala Startup Mission. All Rights Reserved.
UI created at
|
Developed by Lightrains Technolabs Pvt. Ltd.