India's top incubator for inventive startups - Venture Center
About us
Careers
Contact
Support us
Incubation & Mentoring
Funding
Services
Programs
Startups
Events
Incubate with us
Incubation & Mentoring
Pre-Incubation
Virtual
Resident
Funding
Grants
Seed Investment
Fellowship
CSR
Funding Database
Services
Scientific services & Facilities
Prototyping Facility & Support
Analytical & Measurement Support
Advisory Consulting
Infrastructural support services
Programs
Investor Readiness Program
BFI BIOME
MSME DEIA Catalyst
Lab2Mkt: Spinouts from academic organizations
Early Translation Accelerator
MeiTY SAMRIDH
Bioincubation
Social Innovation
BRBC
Our Startups
Startup directory
Success Stories
About us
History & Milestones
Life at VC
Awards & Recognition
Corporate Governance
Our People
Resources
Annual Reports
AiM Prime Playbook
Candid
Venture Center Library
Technology Database
Projects
MSME IP Facilitation Center
BIRAC BioNest
NBM – CBA
Bajaj Auto CSR — Med Tech Clean Room
NIDHI-CoE
BIRAC-BRBC
NBM-RTTO
MEITY-SAMRIDH
IBPL — Solar Farm
Careers
Events
Impact
News
Support us
Contact
India's top incubator for
inventive startups
From Concept to Market
Learn more
Seeding tomorrow's
enterprises today
Translate your ideas into successful businesses.
Learn more
Announcements
Read
29 Oct
Notice Inviting Tenders
(29th October 2024) Notice inviting Tender for the procurement of Capillary Iso-electric Focussing System & Advanced Microplate Reader.
Last date of bid submission 26th November 2024.
Read more
Read
25 Oct
MedTech Cleanroom Facility at Venture Center is now recertified for ISO 13485:2016
Provision of Cleanroom Facility Services for the Manufacturing and Packaging of Non-active Medical Devices, Active (Non-Implantable) Medical Devices, Implantable Medical Devices, In Vitro Diagnostic Medical Devices.
Read more
Get Membership
25 Oct
Access YNOS - The complete intelligence platform for Startups
This service is available for all Venture Center Library members, so be sure to make the most of it!
Make the most of this incredible resource and take your startup journey to the next level!
Read more
Apply
24 Oct
Submission deadline extended for BIRAC SBIRI and BIPP
Last date to apply is 30 Nov 2024 till 5.30 pm
Read more
Book
01 Oct
New Service Alert! Ensure High Quality and Performance for your Products with our Moisture Analysis Service!
Moisture affects the processibility, shelf life, usability and quality of many products such as pharmaceutical substances, plastics and foods. Information about and monitoring of moisture content is therefore crucial.
Read more
About Venture Center
India's largest technology incubator hosted by CSIR’s National Chemical Laboratory, has aided over 750 science-based startups since its inception in December 2006. The incubator offers a robust innovation ecosystem, providing comprehensive support like mentoring, funding, scientific assistance, incubation, and specialized resource centers. As an approved incubator by DST-NSTEDB, Venture Center collaborates with organizations including BIRAC, DST, Atal Innovation Mission, MeitY, and the Defence Innovation Organisation, demonstrating its commitment to nurturing startups at different lifecycle stages.
Tell me more
Latest at Venture Center
9 October 2024
Visit by a team from MathWorks
Andrew Willard, Global Manager for MathWorks Startups and Accelerator Programs, and Kapil Koul visited Venture Center to discuss how they can empower our entrepreneurs with advanced tools and Mathworks' support and build on this partnership.
Read more
8 October 2024
Visit of Mr. Pierrick Fillon-Ashida and a delegation from the EU
Venture Center hosted Mr. Pierrick Fillion-Ashida and a European delegation to explore collaborations, showcase innovations, and build connections for global partnerships in science, technology, and startup ecosystems.
Read more
7 October 2024
Visit by a team from UNIDO
We were delighted to host a team from UNIDO at Venture Center recently for an introductory meeting where we discussed the path ahead for our new collaborative project to strengthen technology transfer offices in India.
Read more
27 September 2024
Founders Gala at Venture Center
The Founders' Gala Meet-up brought together our team, startup founders, and others in our network for an evening of great conversations, delicious food, and fun activities—a perfect end to the week!
Read more
10 July 2024
Puneri Paatya on campus
We've added a touch of local flavor and wit to our campus with Puneri Paatya, known for their humorous and direct instructions. These witty signs blend hilarity with practical advice, making everyday reminders engaging and memorable.
Read more
27 May 2024
Incubator of the year award
Venture Center has been awarded the "Incubator of the Year" by the Pune Management Association in recognition of our contribution to the Pune ecosystem.
Read more
21 May 2024
Visit by Investor Subramani Ramachandrappa
We were delighted to host Subramani Ramachandrappa at Venture Center, where he spent time with several startups working in biotech/ industrial biotech/food & nutrition.
Read more
20 May 2024
Summer Camp: Scientific magic with Chemistry
We recently hosted an exciting summer camp for high school students with plenty of engaging and hands-on activities that demonstrated various concepts of chemistry such as neutralization reactions, redox reactions, chromatography and others.
Read more
22 May 2024
DEIA CATALYST: Driving success through diversity
We had the pleasure of welcoming members of the first cohort of the DEIA catalyst program, at a recent event in Mumbai, which was also attended by the US Ambassador Eric Garcetti , US Consul General , Mike Hankey , others from the US Consulate
Why Choose Us?
Complete Ecosystem
Our diverse and impactful ecosystem is designed to nurture and propel early-stage ideas, startups, and entrepreneurs. Our support spans across key areas to ensure that your startup journey is seamless: mentoring expertise, funding, infrastructure support, open-access scientific and prototyping facilities, business, IP & regulatory advisory services, specialized resource centers and so much more!
Mentoring Expertise
Venture Center is one of the very few incubators in India that can support startups in difficult domain areas such as life sciences, engineering, materials sciences, agriculture, and clean energy. Our strong in-house mentoring team led by Dr Premnath Venugopalan is known for its depth and thought leadership,and we also have a large network of over 200 technical, business and other specialist mentors.
Track record
We have supported over 750 entrepreneurs over 17 years of dedicated service, and over 85% of the startups we have supported are still active, affirm our impactful incubation activities. Another key indicator is the substantial presence of our startups in the market. Close to 100 products developed by our startups have successfully made their way into the market, with over Rs. 700 crore investment mobilized by our incubatees, validating the potential in their technologies.
Stimulating Environment
Venture Center is in close proximity to some of India’s leading academic and research organizations that engage in cutting-edge research and innovation, adding to Pune’s vibrant, academic atmosphere. At Venture Center, you can also benefit from the strong peer network of like-minded, driven entrepreneurs, and discover invaluable mentorship and role models within our dynamic ecosystem.
Excited to start your journey?
Let's Talk
Impact
750+
Entrepreneurs supported till date
1700 Cr+
Total revenue generated by our startups in the last 8 years
85%
Startups still active
140+
Unique families of patents filed by our startups
700 Cr+
Total Risk capital mobilized by our startups in the last 8 years
55%
Startups with atleast one woman founder
Stories you should know
Started right here at Venture Center
PadCare Labs
Ajinkya Dhariya, Aasawari Kane, Shriniwas Adhe
Serigen Mediproducts
Anuya Nisal, Swati Shukla, Premnath V
Indius Medical
Aditya Ingalhalikar
Jeevtronics
Aniruddha Atre, Ashish Gawade
Dee Dee Labs
Pratik Bhalerao
1 / 6
Events
Register
15 Nov
6 weeks Certificate Course of Startup 101: An Introduction to Science & Technology Entrepreneurship
Learn about different aspects of entrepreneurship like: Entrepreneurship Essentials; Value Proposition; Business Planning; Company Operations; Financial Planning; Intellectual Property; Raising Money; Pitching; Marketing and few essential Skills for entrepreneurs.
Read more
Register
12 Nov
ONLY ONE THEME: Talk 05: Only Technology Readiness Level!
TechEx.in @Venture Center is glad to announce the next talk in the 3rd WAVE of ONLY ONE THEME (An Awareness series on Innovation Management) Speaker: Hiran Vedam (PhD | Co-Founder and Chief Catalyst, Ashwatta)
Read more
Register
11 Nov
How should startups leverage AI for healthcare and related applications
Announcing a perspective talk by Dr. Anand Deshpande. The event will delve into the evolving intersection of AI and healthcare, highlighting opportunities and challenges in areas like patient care, diagnostics, drug development, digital therapies, and more.
Read more
Register
05 Nov
Preparatory Course for Patent Agent Examination (PAE)
The course will be concluded by the expert guidance from Dr. Gopakumar Nair, Scientific Adviser to Intellectual Property Office, India. The one-month long course is designed to equip attendees with essential knowledge and skills to clear the Patent Agent Exam.
Read more
Register
29 Oct
Understanding Medical Device Regulations in the US Market
Are you looking to understand the regulatory landscape for medical devices in the US?
Join our awareness talk on "Understanding Medical Device Regulations in the US Market," where we will provide key insights into FDA requirements, with a focus on substantial equivalence and the 510(k) process.
Read more
Register
23 Oct
Knowledge session on iDEX Challenges
Several of you might have started working on your proposal for the iDEX challenges. We are bringing another round of outreach event to address any queries or clarification that you may need before your final submission.
Read more
Customer Testimonials
We came to Venture Center with an idea and a will to execute our vision. Venture Center provided us with the infrastructure and initial capital to do that. Dr. Premnath also infused strategic thinking into us around Intellectual Property, stakeholder management and networking. They also invested in our subsequent funding rounds. Without Venture Centers help we would not have been able to execute our vision.
Tanuj Gigras, Founder
Nayam Innovations
I started at Venture Center as a NIDHI - EIR fellow with just an idea. The VC ecosystem was instrumental in shaping that idea into a product and a business.
At the early stages, building hardware prototypes can be very expensive and time consuming. However, the shared labs and facilities (e.g. Protoshop) at VC helped us realize our ideas and build prototypes very quickly allowing us the ability to take the product to market in under a year .
The VC ecosystem also helped us access... Read more
I started at Venture Center as a NIDHI - EIR fellow with just an idea. The VC ecosystem was instrumental in shaping that idea into a product and a business.
At the early stages, building hardware prototypes can be very expensive and time consuming. However, the shared labs and facilities (e.g. Protoshop) at VC helped us realize our ideas and build prototypes very quickly allowing us the ability to take the product to market in under a year . The VC ecosystem also helped us access grants and funding that enabled us to reach our milestones and move towards a solid, fast growing business.
Throughout this entrepreneurial journey, the mentors and staff at VC have been extremely generous with their time and expertise. They have always been supportive and are vested in the long term success of the entrepreneur. Venture Center has been a great partner to me and BatteryPool. I highly recommend them to budding entrepreneurs looking to build hard-tech and IP driven businesses.
Ashwin Shankar, Founder
Divish Mobility
The Venture Center BIG team has been very supportive throughout the journey. We, being incubated in VC, have always received constructive feedback and guidance from the team.The pre- application process for the BIG grant was perfectly streamlined. We were thoroughly conveyed all the guidelines of the process. All our doubts and concerns were given attention and were solved on an immediate basis.
The VC BIG team also conducted several mock pitches during the pre-application process, which helped us prepare...
Read more
The Venture Center BIG team has been very supportive throughout the journey. We, being incubated in VC, have always received constructive feedback and guidance from the team.The pre- application process for the BIG grant was perfectly streamlined. We were thoroughly conveyed all the guidelines of the process. All our doubts and concerns were given attention and were solved on an immediate basis.
The VC BIG team also conducted several mock pitches during the pre-application process, which helped us prepare a good presentation while we were applying. The process of due diligence was very smooth and hassle free. All our queries were answered as and when required.
During all the 18 months of the project, the VC team was always available over a single phone call and helped us all the way through. The mentoring has been very fruitful since the beginning. We have always benefited with the timely expertise from the Venture Center. The team is very experienced and knowledgeable. We have always felt motivated, inspired and energized during the entire project timeline.
With the fine expertise of VC team and our continuous efforts, we are developing a product for Diaper Processing & Recycling. We are also receiving good media exposure and Awards for the same. We are very thankful for all the cooperation and backing from the VC and for making the complete process stress-free.
Ajinkya Dhariya, Founder
Padcare
1 / 3
-->
News
Read more
09 May
BioPrime and Yara India collaborate to provide farmers with innovative sustainable solutions
Venture Center incubatee BioPrime Agrisolutions and Yara India partner to combat climate uncertainties in farming. This partnership marks a significant milestone in the agricultural sector, paving the way for innovation and sustainability in farming practices.
Read more
04 May
Venture Center partners with Blockchain for Impact to accelerate healthcare innovations
Blockchain For Impact CEO Dr Gaurav Singh and Venture Center Director Dr V Premnath announced strategic partnership aimed at nurturing innovation and driving advancements in healthcare in New Delhi on March 4
Read more
01 Apr
Venture Center partners with Kotak Alternate Asset Managers for the Investor Readiness Programme
In a significant move to bolster the healthcare startup ecosystem in India, Venture Center has partnered with Kotak Alternate Asset Managers to launch the second cohort of the Investor Readiness Programme for healthcare startups
Partners
ACADEMIC COLLABORATOR
INDUSTRY PARTNERS
COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS
GOVERNMENT INITIATIVES
ACADEMIC COLLABORATOR
INDUSTRY PARTNERS
COLLABORATIVE PROJECTS
GOVERNMENT INITIATIVES
Corporate Presentation
Regulatory Services
Intellectual Property Services
Technology Transfer Office
Medtech Cleanroom
Prototyping Facility & Support
Venture Center Library
Funding Database
Center for Biopharma Analysis
Contact
Venture Center, 100 NCL Innovation Park,
Dr. Homi Bhabha Rd,
Pune, Maharashtra 411008
M: +91 91 72 23 22 15
E: frontdesk@venturecenter.co.in
Newsletter signup
Submit
Copyright 2006-2024, Entrepreneurship Development Center, Pune, India.
Designed by
Pixel First
✖