About Us | T-Hub Inviting applications for Lab 32 (Cohort 10), last date to apply:13 Feb 2023
Startups
Core Value System
We nurture innovation.
Program Flow
Help startups get access to network & funding.
Mentorship
Get access to invaluable mentorship
Startup Directory
Check out the startups we’ve helped scale up.
Corporates
Focus Area
Powering innovation through high-impact partnerships.
Case Studies
Check out our case study and success stories.
Corporates & Partners
Creating partnerships with global networks.
Join The System
Building bridges and enhancing outcomes.
Programs
What You Get
Curated programs for different stages & sectors
Programs That Match
Choose from a variety of programs that match your startups’ need.
Program Library
Take a look at the programs we offer.
Resources
Blogs
Stay updated on the innovation ecosystem with our blogs
Podcasts
Listen to the latest start-up podcasts
Videos
Curated videos regarding T-Hub & Innovation
White Papers
Stay updated on the innovation ecosystem with our white papers
Case Studies
Stay updated on the innovation ecosystem with our case studies
Newsletters
Repository of our latest newsletters
Stakeholders
Government
Partnering with gov’t entities to help entrepreneurs in their journey
Academia
Empowering the academia to nurture a spirit of entrepreneurship
Investors
For scaling & funding opportunities
Ecosystem Enablers
Partnering with ecosystems partners for better outreach
Mentors
Get mentored by T-Hub empanelled mentors
Value Partners
Get invaluable support from our esteemed value partners
Events
Events Calendar
Stay in the know of what’s happening at T-hub with our Events Calendar!
Host an Event
Host an event of any size, with the best in-house help and hands-on support.
Co-Working Spaces
Network with like-minded folks and elevate your startup journey.
About Us
Contact Us
Inspire
Build
Collaborate
#WorldsLargestInnovationEcosystem
An ecosystem designed for Innovation & Creativity
Our Story
T-Hub (Technology Hub) is a premier innovation hub and ecosystem enabler based out of Hyderabad, India. T-Hub leads India’s pioneering innovation ecosystem and strives to create impact for startups, corporations and other ecosystem stakeholders. It’s mission is to enable and empower an ecosystem hungry for innovation.
Incorporated in 2015, T-Hub has provided 2000+ national and international startups access to superior technology, talent, mentors, customers, corporates, investors and government agencies, among other innovation ecosystem stakeholders.
T-Hub has elevated innovation for leading national and global corporations, transforming their business models for the better. Collaborating with innovation partners and enablers in Telangana, India and across the world, T-Hub is building a future-ready innovation ecosystem.
T-Hub’s Core Pillars
Building a sustainable innovation ecosystem that enriches all
Thought Leadership
Government Support
Funding for Entrepreneurs
Landscape Enablement & Thoroughness
Critical Mass of Talent
Founding partners with the perfect synergies
Empowering startups to scale faster, creating a strong network of stakeholders and accelerating innovation for top corporates from around the world.
The Government Of Telangana
The Government of Telangana has taken the path of “Innovation and Entrepreneurship” to make Telangana the most preferred investment destination in India. As a part of this effort, the govt. is collaborating with industry and premier educational institutes to set up T-Hub as the largest facility for innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
IIIT Hyderabad
The International Institute of Information Technology, Hyderabad (IIIT Hyderabad) is an autonomous private university in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. It was established in 1997 & is one of the top computer science institutes in the country. It emphasises research from the undergraduate level and has been a consistent performer from India in ACM International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC).
Indian School Of Business, Hyderabad
The Indian School of Business (ISB) evolved from the need for a world-class business school in Asia. The school has been consistently ranking high on the global MBA rankings and places high emphasis on hiring top-notch faculty from around the world.
Nalsar
National Academy of Legal Studies and Research (NALSAR) is one of the best law schools in the country. Located in Shamirpet, Hyderabad, it was established in 1998 as a state university and offers undergraduate and postgraduate programs. It is a highly selective institution, with excellent infrastructure facilities, and it attracts the best minds in the country.
Board & Advisors
Meet our distinguished board members and advisors who help us bring our mission and vision to fruition.
Jayesh Ranjan
Principal Secretary, IT, MA & UD
Govt. of Telangana
B V R Mohan Reddy
Founder & Chairman - Cyient
Ajit Rangnekar
Advisory Committee, Former Dean - ISB
Madan Pillutla
Dean - ISB
P J Narayanan
Professor and Director - IIIT Hyderabad
Srini Raju
Chairman - iLabs Group
Sashi Reddi
Managing Partner - SRI Capital & Founder - AppLabs
Raman Kumar
Founder, Former CEO, Board Member - MModalInc
Core Team
Meet the team that contributes to the ongoing success of T-Hub's innovation ecosystem.
Srinivas Rao Mahankali
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Wg Cdr Anish Anthony (Retd)
Chief Delivery Officer (CDO)
Seshendra Sharma A
Sr. Director, Admin & Procurement
Srinivas Taluka
Sr. Director, Facilities
Vijay Bawra
Senior Director
Sandhya Deepa
Senior Director
Innovation Network
T-Hub
Telangana State Innovation Cell (TSIC)
We Hub
T-Works
Research and Innovation Circle of Hyderabad (RICH)
Telangana Academy for Skill and Knowledge (TASK)
Connect with our ecosystem today and enable your growth
CONTACT
Join our newsletter
Join Now
About T-Hub
About Us Programs Contact Us Careers
Our Innovation Ecosystem
Startups Corporates Government Academia Investors Ecosystem Enablers Mentors Value Partners
Others
RTI Corporate Notices Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Policy Media Kit
© T-Hub 2022
Designed & Crafted By Axlr Data