T-HUB
Toggle navigation
ABOUT
LAB/32
OUR NETWORK
INVESTORS
ACCELERATORS
OTHERS
NEWS
EVENTS
CONTACT
CATALYST
×
Please enter your mobile and email ID
to register for our newsletter.
Mobile number:
Email ID:
×
ThankYou
You'll never miss the excitement at T-Hub
-->
-->
Hyderabad. Where great startups start up!
A unique partnership between the Govt. of Telangana and key stakeholders in the startup ecosystem, T-Hub’s mission is to catalyze the creation of one of the tightest, most successful and vibrant entrepreneur communities in the world, and make Hyderabad the place to be.
Hyderabad. Where great startups start up!
T-Hub is the heart of the Telangana startup and technology ecosystem. We put you at the centre of a close community of startups, accelerators, investors, workspaces and other resources in the city and beyond.
Hyderabad. Where great startups start up!
The world class Catalyst building is the anchor for Telangana’s thriving start-up ecosystem. It is the largest building in India dedicated entirely to entrepreneurship, and home to a dynamic community of thriving start-ups, investors and support organizations.
Be a part of Catalyst, T-Hub's Startup incubator - click here for more details
Featured Investors
Nirvana Holdings
Mumbai Angels
VentureGiant
Unitus Seed Fund
UnLtd Hyderabad
50K Ventures
+
Featured Accelerators
Srujana Innovation Center (...
Hyderabad Angels
Uptec Idealabs
91Springboard
IIIT-H Foundation - CIE
UnLtd Hyderabad
+
Featured Support Orgs
The August Fest
Global Networking Idea
100Craft
Samanyu Software Solutions ...
Ex10sion Technologies
Gokhelo
+
OUR NETWORK
NEWS & EVENTS
Latest News
More »
Meet the five startups selected for Oracle's ac...
VCCircle
Likewise, the nine incubation centres located in Bangalore, Chennai, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Noida, Pune, Thiruvananthapuram and Vijayawada will support entrepreneurship and development of star...
Multi-channel network SillyMonks raises Rs 3cr ...
YourStory.com
Hyderabad-based multi-channel network (MSN) SillyMonks raised Rs 3 crore from HNI Sreenivasa Reddy Musani, CMD EKTHA Group. With this new influx of funds, SillyMonks plans to introduce six new digi...
#MarketWire: Only 1 Out of 250 Startup India Ap...
iamWire
The sole startup which has been selected is Hyderabad based renewal energy firm, Cygni. The portal was set up to enable startups avail the tax benefits, provide them with a real-time recognition ce...
KTR evinces interest in Clean Tech Incubator
The New Indian Express
HYDERABAD: IT minister KT Rama Rao, who is touring the United States (US), visited Clean Tech Incubator iHub in California State. iHub houses startups working in the field of clean technology and n...
Home salon services startup Pamperazi to merge ...
VCCircle
... Hong Kong-based Swastika Company Ltd. StayGlad, a mobile marketplace for on-demand beauty services, raised an undisclosed amount in Series A funding from Silicon Valley-based venture capital fi...
Hyderabad Angels invested Rs 15cr in 12 startup...
YourStory.com
On Monday, Hyderabad Angels (HA) announced adding 12 startups this year to its current portfolio. The angel investor network has already invested Rs 15 crore in 12 others over the last one year (20...
Upcoming Events
More »
CATALYST
Catalyst Building
TAKE A TOUR
-->
Copyright 2015 T-Hub. All rights reserved.