T-Hub | India's Fastest Growing Startup Engine
Toggle navigation
About Us
Events
Programs
Contact
INDIA'S FASTEST-GROWING STARTUP
ENGINE
CATALYZING INNOVATION , SCALE
AND
DEAL FLOW
Read More
↓
Startups
Investors
Partners
Mentors
Events
Here are
all the events and
workshops we’ve created to help entrepreneurs on their journey to success:
May 11, 2017
Startup Investor Connect
The investor Connect is a forum for people to pick on the investor's decision-making
criteria. It is the right place to ask all investor related queries - what do
investors look for, what is the right pitch deck/format, what are various stages of
investors out there and what is the risk appetite/ticket size of each of each of
these.
May 13, 2017
Cisco Mtuity Hackathon Bootcamp I
A Smart City Bootcamp where participants will be given two problem statement to choose from.The participants will pitch their ideas and shortlisted startups move on to the next bootcamp.
To know more, click here: signup.t-hub.co/cm/
May 27, 2017
Cisco Mtuity Hackathon Bootcamp II
A Smart City Bootcamp where the shortlisted participants from Bootcamp 1 will
partcipate in 1-on-1 mentoring sessions and finalists are selected for the
Hackathon. To know more, click here: signup.t-hub.co/cm/
May 23, 2017
AgriCHAT
T-Hub initiative to bring the agriculture community together every alternate month to
discuss, identify problem statements and find solutions for the real issues our
farmers and agri-ecosystem are facing today and to turn food security and
sustainability into reality.
June 16, 2017
Cisco Mtutiy Hackathon
Hackathon will be of 36 hours duration where the finalists from Bootcamp 2 will work
on the problem statement which they have chosen to tackle. While developing their
solution, the participant can avail further 1-on-1 mentoring sessions.
To know more, click here: signup.t-hub.co/cm/
View all Events
Programs
Here are all the programs we’ve designed to enable startups to continuously
innovate, scale and generate deal flow for their business:
YES Fintech
Agritech Accelerator
IFDI Challenge 2.0
Testimonials
Girish Shivani
Executive Director and Fund Manager, YourNest Angel Fund
“Thanks the entire team of IFDI for hosting us at a lovely event. It was a pleasure meeting some fellow travellers of this exciting ecosystem. The companies showcased at the event were really interesting and we would be keen to follow up with a few of them and take the discussion further. Look forward to more such congregations.”
Sashi Reddi
Managing Partner, SRI Capital
“Thank you for an awesome event. Greatly enjoyed meeting my fellow panelists.”
Srinivas Modukuri
Investor/Mentor
"Thank you for putting together a very professional event. I am especially very happy to be a part of something like this in Hyderabad"
Vijay Nadiminti
COO, a-IDEA, NAARM
“It was indeed great to see the energy of the startups at the show. Our best wishes to all the ones who could make it to the IFDI Demo day. Our special wishes and support to T-Hub for such initiatives”
Ramesh Swaminathan
“Thanks a lot for providing an opportunity to peek into the great work done by these Startups. It was enriching for me to be part of the effort. You need to get all the appreciation for all the great work your team is doing at T-Hub.”
Subscribe to T-Hub
Please subscribe to T-Hub’s mailing list to receive periodic newsletters with
information on all the programs, events, insider news and exclusive insights about T-Hub and the
Hyderabad startup ecosystem.
-->
Subscribe
Startups
Investors
Mentors
Partners
Events
Programs
News
Blog
Home
About
Contact
Brand Guidelines
Media
Assets
Copyright 2017 T-Hub. All right reserved.